fix: Improve offer documentation (#876)
Agoric/documentation: main/glossary/README.md

## Creator Invitation

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer: It's a hope, with no concrete plan behind it. Not worth covering in the docs at this point.

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer 2: It might also be worth noting that `startInstance` is subsumed into `startUpgradable`. (It is, right?)

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer: > It might also be worth noting that startInstance is subsumed into startUpgradable. (It is, right?)

That doesn't sound familiar. I think you're misremembering something, though I don't know what.

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer 2: I dug into this. The Agoric chain home object can provide `startUpgradable` as a thin wrapper for `E(zoe).startInstance`. It’s provided by `vats/src/core/basic-behaviors.js`. This is why we were unable to find `startInstance` in the core proposal in the `dapp-game-places` template during the hackathon. We eventually found `startUpgradable` and from there were able to figure out how to thread `offerArgs` thru the level of indirection.

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer 3: `startUpgradable` is a power from the bootstrap environment; it's available to core-evals, but it's not part of the Zoe API.

The purpose of `startUpgradable` is somewhat relevant, though: it's to make sure we don't lose admin facets needed for upgrade.

Do we tell folks in the Zoe docs that startInstance() also returns an admin facet, and if you lose it, you will NEVER BE ABLE TO UPGRADE?

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer 3: `startUpgradable` should be covered in [docs for bootstrap powers](https://docs.agoric.com/guides/coreeval/permissions.html#declaring-required-capabilities). Those are pretty thin. That's probably worth a separate issue...

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer 3: I looked for a relevant issue and found:
 - https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/issues/5775

But it's one of those "do X" issues that doesn't say _why_ do X... other than
> That functionality can be supplied from the creatorFacet.

> An [invitation](#invitation) optionally returned by [`E(zoe).startInstance(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-startinstance-installation-issuerkeywordrecord-terms-privateargs) that the contract instance

Reviewer 4: Thanks for finding that. In light of @samsiegart 's two comments at https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/issues/5775#issuecomment-1561870319 , I withdraw the request to emphasize the deprecation of creator invitation until Sam's question is resolved.

## Exit Rule

An object specifying how an [offer](#offer) can be cancelled, such as on demand or by a deadline.
For details, see [`E(zoe).offer(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#proposals).

> ## Facet

Author: Done, but saving for a followup.

> ## Facet

Reviewer 4: Ah. Resolving.

> A [payment](#payment) whose amount represents (and is required for) participation in a contract instance.

Author: Already fixed by #877, which was opened in parallel.

> A [payment](#payment) whose amount represents (and is required for) participation in a contract instance.

Author: #886

Contracts often return a creator invitation on their instantiation, in case the contract instantiator wants
to immediately participate. Otherwise, the contract instance must create any additional invitations.
Every [offer](#offer) to participate in a contract instance must include an invitation to that instance in the first argument to [`E(zoe).offer(...)`](/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md#e-zoe-offer-invitation-proposal-paymentkeywordrecord-offerargs), and any wallet receiving one will validate it via the [InvitationIssuer](#invitationissuer).

An invitation's [amount](#amount) includes the following properties:

> - The contract's installation in Zoe, including access to its source code.

Author: I'm not sure how to rephrase this into a meaningful glossary entry for the InvitationIssuer, so can you open an issue or PR indicating direction?

## Keyword

> A *Keyword* is a string that is a valid ASCII identifier

Reviewer 2: Aye. Do you mean _printable_ ASCII and _JavaScript_ identifier?

> 

Reviewer 4: Above

> ```md
> [Values](#value) must be Keys.
> ```

Not in general. What this may originally have tried to say is that
- CopySets and CopyBags are Keys.
- CopyMaps are Keys iff all their values are Keys.

Author: Hmm, do you have an example of a non-Key Value?

Author: Sorry, let me elaborate... the full section currently reads like this:
> ## Value
> 
> Values are the part of an [amount](#amount) that describe the value of something
> that can be owned or shared: How much, how many, or a description of a unique asset, such as
> Pixel(3,2), $3, or “Seat J12 for the show September 27th at 9:00pm”.
> [Fungible](#fungible) values are usually represented by natural numbers.
> Other values may be represented as a CopySet of strings naming particular rights or
> arbitrary objects representing the rights directly (usually [non-fungible](#non-fungible) assets).
> Values must be [Keys](#key).
> 
> For more information, see the [ERTP documentation's Value section](/guides/ertp/amounts.md#values).

Are matchers/promises/errors/etc. allowed as the `value` part of an [Amount](https://docs.agoric.com/glossary/#amount)?

Reviewer 4: Clarified elsewhere that the `Value` def above is `AmountValue`, i.e., the `value` part of an `Amount`. But when I said above

> CopyMaps are Keys iff all their values are Keys.

I meant "values" as in the values of a key-to-value mappings in a CopyMap.

## Keyword

A *Keyword* is a string that is an ASCII-only [identifier](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Identifier)
and starts with an upper case letter.

> See **[Zoe Data Types](/reference/zoe-api/zoe-data-types.md#keyword)**.

Reviewer 4: yes. I like the idea of delegating details to a common entry. But the non-detail text should still be correct by itself.

> See **[Zoe Data Types](/reference/zoe-api/zoe-data-types.md#keyword)**.

Author: Done.

## Passable

> A *passable* is something that can be sent to and from remote objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A *passable* value is a JavaScript value that can be sent to and from remote objects.
```

Passables include pass-by-copy primitive values such as numbers and strings and
pass-by-reference values such as Remotables and Promises.
Passables also include hardened acyclic pass-by-copy containers that recursively terminate
in non-container passables, such as CopyArrays like `harden(['foo', 'bar'])` and

> CopyRecords like `harden({ keys: [0, 1], values: ['foo', 'bar'] })`.

Reviewer 5: Might be worth a mention in passing of some things that aren't passable, just to underscore that it's a meaningful concept.

> Passables also include hardened acyclic pass-by-copy containers that recursively terminate
> in non-container passables, such as CopyArrays like `harden(['foo', 'bar'])` and
> CopyRecords like `harden({ keys: [0, 1], values: ['foo', 'bar'] })`.

Reviewer 2: I found this framing a little opaque so I’m suggesting a break-down:
```suggestion
Values that are pass-by-copy include:
* Primitive values including `string`, `number`, `bigint`, `boolean`, `null`, and `undefined`,
  * Agoric _tentatively_ supports registered symbols, as in `Symbol.for(name)`, though we advise against using them,
  * Agoric _even more tentatively_ supports well-known-symbols like `Symbol.asyncIterator`, though we strongly advise against using them,
* `CopyArray`: [hardened](#harden, acyclic, arrays like `harden(['foo', 'bar'])`,
* `CopyRecord`: hardened, acyclic objects like `harden({ keys: [0, 1], values: ['foo', 'bar'] })`,
* `CopyTagged`: [tagged](#tagged) pass-by-copy values like `{ [Symbol.for('passStyle')]: 'tagged', tag: 'copySet', payload: [1, 2, 3] }`.
```

I have not verified `#tagged` exists.

Reviewer 3: Again, please, no novel info in the glossary. If we're going to have such details, let's have them in the [section on passables](https://docs.agoric.com/guides/js-programming/far.html#pass-styles-and-harden).

See the

> [Marshaling section in the JavaScript Distributed Programming Guide](/guides/js-programming/far.md#marshaling-by-copy-or-by-presence).

Reviewer 5: This appears to be a dangling link

## Passable

A *passable* is something that can be sent to and from remote objects.
Passables include pass-by-copy primitive values such as numbers and strings and
pass-by-reference values such as Remotables and Promises.
Passables also include [hardened](#harden) acyclic pass-by-copy containers that
recursively terminate in non-container passables, such as

> [CopyArrays](#copyarray) and [CopyRecords](#copyrecord).

Reviewer 4: > ```md
>  that recursively terminate in non-container passables, such as
> [CopyArrays](#copyarray) and [CopyRecords](#copyrecord).
> ```

That makes it sound like CopyArrays and CopyRecords are examples of "non-container passables".

For more information, see the
[Marshaling section in the JavaScript Distributed Programming Guide](/guides/js-programming/far.md#marshaling-by-copy-or-by-presence).

## Payment

> 

Reviewer 4: Below

> If there was a previous reallocation, the payout is different than what the user escrowed.

This is fine as it. No change suggested. But by itself it sounds too dangerous. How about

> If there was a previous reallocation, the payout is different than what the user escrowed, but still constrained by Offer Safety (appropriate link to earlier glossary entry)

## Proposal

Proposals are records with `give`, `want`, and/or `exit` properties respectively
expressing [offer](#offer) conditions regarding what assets will be given,

> what must be received in exchange to satisfy offer safety, and

Reviewer 4: Possible misunderstanding that offer safety means you'll get what you said you want. At least make "offer safety" and explicit link to that glossary entry. Avoiding the possible misunderstanding would be even better.

an [exit rule](#exit-rule) defining how/when the offer can be canceled.
For example:
```js
const myProposal = harden({
  give: { Asset: AmountMath.make(quatloosBrand, 4n) },
  want: { Price: AmountMath.make(moolaBrand, 15n) },
  exit: { onDemand: null },
});
```

> `give` and `want` each associate [Keywords](#keyword) defined by the contract with corresponding [Amounts](#amount) describing what will be respectively given or received.

Reviewer 4: (I see it's done, so resolving
